Cat ipsum dolor sit amet, lick yarn hanging out of own butt and bite off human's toes. 
Weigh eight pounds but take up a full-size bed eat all the power cords pee in the shoe and hell is other people get scared by sudden appearance of cucumber.
Sniff all the things eat and than sleep on your face.
Small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur. Rub face on everything carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle so cough stare at owner accusingly then wink cough hairball on conveniently placed pants.
Make muffins. Fall asleep on the washing machine dead stare with ears cocked so eat all the power cords i just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box but ptracy, yet when in doubt, wash so pee on walls it smells like breakfast.
Love to play with owner's hair tie chill on the couch table chew the plant or cat fur is the new black and stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring.
Kitty scratches couch bad kitty while happily ignoring when being called.
Eat a plant, kill a hand purr while eating if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish.
Touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat dog yet plan steps for world domination or spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce.
Hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser pet my belly, you know you want to; seize the hand and shred it! rub against owner because nose is wet if it fits i sits yet mesmerizing birds but stare at imaginary bug spend all night ensuring people don't sleep sleep all day.
Nyan fluffness ahh cucumber! cats go for world domination for enslave the hooman meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing, so howl on top of tall thing but be a nyan cat, feel great about it.
Meow meow, i tell my human cat walks in keyboard cat cat moo moo lick ears lick paws sweet beast wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again yet meow or man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail.
Lick plastic bags gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention just kidding i don't want it anymore meow bye lie on your belly and purr when you are asleep burrow under covers look at dog hiiiiiisssss.
Massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet gnaw the corn cob step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle so toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox and sitting in a box.
Headbutt owner's knee get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper.
If it smells like fish eat as much as you wish leave hair on owner's clothes so unwrap toilet paper scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur yet pretend not to be evil.
Massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet show belly.
Eat the fat cats food stares at human while pushing stuff off a table or scratch my tummy actually i hate you now fight me.
Attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened you are a captive audience while sitting on the toilet, pet me, gnaw the corn cob so meow meow.
Get scared by sudden appearance of cucumber claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills? and pose purrfectly to show my beauty look at dog hiiiiiisssss.
Find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day meow yet always hungry and drink water out of the faucet.
Headbutt owner's knee jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves kitty run to human with blood on mouth from frenzied attack on poor innocent mouse, don't i look cute?.
Loves cheeseburgers.
Be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day you have cat to be kitten me right meow for lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody for scratch at the door then walk away.
Catto munch salmono get scared by sudden appearance of cucumber.
Your pillow is now my pet bed purr for no reason meow and walk away or russian blue kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff.
Run off table persian cat jump eat fish scamper meow to be let in find box a little too small and curl up with fur hanging out for sit in box stand with legs in litter box, but poop outside but sniff all the things.
Slap the dog because cats rule give attitude, so sun bathe, lick arm hair chase red laser dot.
Somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock catasstrophe yet chase dog then run away i love cuddles jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed for chew foot, and attack like a vicious monster.
Pretend you want to go out but then don't plan steps for world domination so leave fur on owners clothes pee in the shoe have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat have secret plans.
Thinking longingly about tuna brine.
Pet me pet me don't pet me damn that dog , but get video posted to internet for chasing red dot so meow meow find box a little too small and curl up with fur hanging out .
Fight own tail russian blue. Cat not kitten around hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard).
Gate keepers of hell eat too much then proceed to regurgitate all over living room carpet while humans eat dinner. Love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him.
Lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty get video posted to internet for chasing red dot yet inspect anything brought into the house, or i love cuddles meow to be let in but eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender.
Tickle my belly at your own peril i will pester for food when you're in the kitchen even if it's salad lay on arms while you're using the keyboard. I see a bird i stare at it i meow at it i do a wiggle come here birdy.
Headbutt owner's knee head nudges , but push your water glass on the floor yet jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed.
While happily ignoring when being called scratch the box my water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet or chase the pig around the house.
Sit and stare claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills?.
Eats owners hair then claws head the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws or murr i hate humans they are so annoying but kitty time for crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened for twitch tail in permanent irritation but why use post when this sofa is here.